Clarifies the dev-dependencies -> group.dev.dependencies switch in docs (#6723)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/managing-dependencies.md

{{% /note %}}

{{% note %}}
**A note about defining a `dev` dependencies group**

> The proper way to define a `dev` dependencies group as of Poetry 1.2.x is the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proper way to define a `dev` dependencies group since Poetry 1.2.0 is the following:
```

```toml
[tool.poetry.group.dev.dependencies]
pytest = "^6.0.0"
pytest-mock = "*"
```

> This group notation is preferred for Poetry 1.2.x and not usable in earlier versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This group notation is preferred since Poetry 1.2.0 and not usable in earlier versions.
```
